README.md, before:

# opsworks_rabbitmq

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/verdigris-cookbooks/opsworks-rabbitmq.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/verdigris-cookbooks/opsworks-rabbitmq)

This is a wrapper cookbook which utilizes the [rabbitmq cookbook](https://github.com/jjasghar/rabbitmq)
for installing [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/) on AWS OpsWorks with
support for automatic clustering from layer instances.

The recipes included in this cookbook is based on the recipes provided by
the community [rabbitmq cookbook](https://github.com/jjasghar/rabbitmq) with
modifications which provide better recipe granularity for AWS OpsWorks lifecycle
events. For all intents and purposes, it is very similar to the original
cookbook.

## Requirements

### Platforms

* Amazon Linux
* Ubuntu 12.04 LTS
* Ubuntu 14.04 LTS

### Cookbooks

* **erlang** (≥ 0.9)
* **rabbitmq** (≥ 3.7)

## Attributes

| Key                                           |  Type  | Description                                                       | Default       |
|:----------------------------------------------|:------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------|
| `['rabbitmq']['opsworks']['layer_name']`      | String | OpsWorks stack's layer shortname that contains RabbitMQ instances | `"rabbitmq"`  |

## Recipes

Most of the recipes included by this cookbook used to be in `rabbitmq::default`
on the original [rabbitmq cookbook](https://github.com/jjasghar/rabbitmq). They
have been mostly broken up into two recipes to be executed during AWS OpsWorks
instance lifecycle events.

### opsworks_rabbitmq::install

Installs **[RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com)**.

Configure your stack layer to run `opsworks_rabbitmq::install` during **Setup**
lifecycle event in your layer instances.

### opsworks_rabbitmq::configure

Sets up directory permissions and generate configuration files from templates.
If clustering is enabled, it will also run `opsworks_rabbitmq::cluster` recipe.

Configure your stack layer to run `opsworks_rabbitmq::configure` during
**Configure** lifecycle event in your layer instances. See [below](#opsworks_rabbitmqcluster)
for more information on why.

> **NOTE:** When clustering is *disabled*, it should not matter whether this
recipe is configured to run during **Setup** or **Configure** lifecycle event
as long as it runs after `rabbitmq::install` recipe.

### opsworks_rabbitmq::cluster

Automatically gathers all instances in your stack layer and automatically
generates the `node['rabbitmq']['cluster_disk_nodes']` list required for
clustering setup in `opsworks_rabbitmq::configure`.

Because the list of nodes needs to be updated when a layer instance goes online
or shuts down, this recipe must run during **Configure** lifecycle event in
your layer instances.

### opsworks_rabbitmq::policy_management

Enables any policies listed in the `node['rabbitmq'][policies]` and disables any
listed in `node['rabbitmq'][disabled_policies]` attributes.

This recipe should be used to set up [High Availability queues](https://www.rabbitmq.com/ha.html)
in RabbitMQ.

**Example Custom JSON:**

```json
{
  "rabbitmq": {
    "policies": {
      "ha-all-queues": {
        "pattern": ".*",
        "params": { "ha-mode": "all" },
        "priority": 0
      }
    }
  }
}
```

This recipe may be executed any time after `opsworks_rabbitmq::install` recipe.
It will automatically execute `opsworks_rabbitmq::configure` recipe if it has
not run before.

## License

This cookbook is licensed and distributed under the Simplified BSD license.
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/verdigris-cookbooks/opsworks-rabbitmq/blob/master/LICENSE)
for more details.

Commit message:

Include documentation on user and virtual host recipes

README.md, after:

# opsworks_rabbitmq

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/verdigris-cookbooks/opsworks-rabbitmq.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/verdigris-cookbooks/opsworks-rabbitmq)

This is a wrapper cookbook which utilizes the [rabbitmq cookbook](https://github.com/jjasghar/rabbitmq)
for installing [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/) on AWS OpsWorks with
support for automatic clustering from layer instances.

The recipes included in this cookbook is based on the recipes provided by
the community [rabbitmq cookbook](https://github.com/jjasghar/rabbitmq) with
modifications which provide better recipe granularity for AWS OpsWorks lifecycle
events. For all intents and purposes, it is very similar to the original
cookbook.

## Requirements

### Platforms

* Amazon Linux
* Ubuntu 12.04 LTS
* Ubuntu 14.04 LTS

### Cookbooks

* **erlang** (≥ 0.9)
* **rabbitmq** (≥ 3.7)

## Attributes

| Key                                           |  Type  | Description                                                       | Default       |
|:----------------------------------------------|:------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------|:--------------|
| `['rabbitmq']['opsworks']['layer_name']`      | String | OpsWorks stack's layer shortname that contains RabbitMQ instances | `"rabbitmq"`  |

## Recipes

Most of the recipes included by this cookbook used to be in `rabbitmq::default`
on the original [rabbitmq cookbook](https://github.com/jjasghar/rabbitmq). They
have been mostly broken up into two recipes to be executed during AWS OpsWorks
instance lifecycle events.

### opsworks_rabbitmq::install

Installs **[RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com)**.

Configure your stack layer to run `opsworks_rabbitmq::install` during **Setup**
lifecycle event in your layer instances.

### opsworks_rabbitmq::configure

Sets up directory permissions and generate configuration files from templates.
If clustering is enabled, it will also run `opsworks_rabbitmq::cluster` recipe.

Configure your stack layer to run `opsworks_rabbitmq::configure` during
**Configure** lifecycle event in your layer instances. See [below](#opsworks_rabbitmqcluster)
for more information on why.

> **NOTE:** When clustering is *disabled*, it should not matter whether this
recipe is configured to run during **Setup** or **Configure** lifecycle event
as long as it runs after `rabbitmq::install` recipe.

### opsworks_rabbitmq::cluster

Automatically gathers all instances in your stack layer and automatically
generates the `node['rabbitmq']['cluster_disk_nodes']` list required for
clustering setup in `opsworks_rabbitmq::configure`.

Because the list of nodes needs to be updated when a layer instance goes online
or shuts down, this recipe must run during **Configure** lifecycle event in
your layer instances.

### opsworks_rabbitmq::policy_management

Enables any policies listed in the `node['rabbitmq'][policies]` and disables any
listed in `node['rabbitmq'][disabled_policies]` attributes.

This recipe should be used to set up [High Availability queues](https://www.rabbitmq.com/ha.html)
in RabbitMQ.

**Example Custom JSON:**

```json
{
  "rabbitmq": {
    "policies": {
      "ha-all-queues": {
        "pattern": ".*",
        "params": { "ha-mode": "all" },
        "priority": 0
      }
    }
  }
}
```

This recipe may be executed any time after `opsworks_rabbitmq::install` recipe.
It will automatically execute `opsworks_rabbitmq::configure` recipe if it has
not run before.

### opsworks_rabbitmq::user_management

Enables any users listed in the `node['rabbitmq']['enabled_users]` and disables
any listed in `node['rabbitmq'][disabled_users]` attributes.

### opsworks_rabbitmq::virtualhost_management

Enables any vhosts listed in the `node['rabbitmq'][virtualhosts]` and disables
any listed in `node['rabbitmq'][disabled_virtualhosts]` attributes.

## License

This cookbook is licensed and distributed under the Simplified BSD license.
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/verdigris-cookbooks/opsworks-rabbitmq/blob/master/LICENSE)
for more details.
